well it is the fifth day of worlds
groups with covers presented by you Gigi
I'm joined right now by Jenson after
cloud nines quick escape crazy escape
bloody escape I don't know you escaped
out of groups what man
take me through today cuz it was crazy
on my end but I'm guessing a little bit
more crazy on yours yeah I mean it's
been crazy because we just knocked the
former world champions out of out of
worlds from groups and vitality was
looking insane to so it's definitely an
action-packed group to where you kind of
like didn't really know who was gonna
beat who and then in the end we managed
to survive so I'm just really happy that
we made it out what was it like for you
especially in the very beginning
whenever we saw c9 start to like you you
guys started to take out the eastern
teams and then also vitality started
doing it like you guys were kind of tag
teaming there in the beginning yes I
think vitality beat oranjee in the first
game of the day so then it already said
like a weird tone for us because we're
like oh fuck like my tality is looking
really good and you know we're gonna
have to beat them and gingi potentially
to make it out so yeah I mean honestly I
wasn't sure how this day was going to go
because vitality looked really good and
you know then Genji is Genji you know
you're not really sure what to expect
because you know we've had in the past
we're like Korea week two you know they
just improve or like just Eastern teams
in general so going into today I was
definitely a bit worried but I think we
figured out a lot of my issues that we
had so then I think I was feeling pretty
comfortable myself but yeah there's
definitely some tough games and yeah it
was weird how we were just beating all
the Eastern teams both of us in vitality
was it inspiring or intimidating
watching them beat the teams because in
a sense you're like holy crap like
vitality is really good but in another
since you're like okay these guys are
beatable in a way it's it's probably
inspiring but honestly I was just
terrified myself because I knew that
since vitality was looking strong that
we had to be even better and I wasn't
sure how a firm was going to be coming
into today and thankfully we looked even
better we talked often about na teams in
particular underperforming our worlds
right like a lot of people feel like oh
man
any team went in and it feels like they
were so much better at home do you guys
do you feel a little if if you guys
maybe over performed because this was
like an insane c9 that we saw today um I
think it's hard to say because I think
you know idiotic the other days where we
played I felt like we were
underperforming a lot so I don't know if
today we over performed or if we just
you know played up to your standards but
we definitely had a good showing and I
think it's just the team comes we played
our comforts picks to us so I think
that's what makes it look better for us
since its champions and team comes to a
comfortable playing so it's a lot easier
for us to execute with that now it still
wasn't unfortunately a perfect day you
did lose that last match what what went
wrong in that last match honestly it's
hot to say it was it was a bloody game I
think the fact that they got the barren
early on definitely stole out the game a
lot and we were in their driver seat I
feel like I felt like we had the control
of the game but then eventually they got
a good engage towards the end and then
we lost off of that but um honestly I'm
not really sure there's probably like a
lot of stuff that we could have changed
or done better throughout the entire
game but I mean orangie is probably the
best team in the world so I'm not really
too sad about losing to them but I
definitely felt like we had the chance
to win and I'm a bit sad that we
couldn't make it
well you mentioned the comfort pigs I
want to ask you do you feel like you
guys kind of reversed the matter here or
like disrupted the worlds matter with
with what you were able to bring out
because I know it feels like a lot of
other teams are playing maybe a little
bit more safe and then you and vitality
just kind of like busted down the door
and walked your way in yeah I definitely
felt like I mean I think the most
important thing as a team is you most of
teams have like an identity on how they
want to play the game right so I think
all identity is we like to be on
aggressive champs that can dive in and
so we were kind of playing that the
other days too but we just weren't as
aggressive as we needed to be so I think
we just changed it up and got even more
aggressive with the comfort pics of ours
so I mean I think that's the most
important for every team that come to
Worlds is that you keep your identity
and you just play what works well for
you do you think
what was this a just an identity thing
or do you think it was also kind of like
it were you you hoping to kind of
counter the meta or counter what you
were seeing out of other teams um some
of the pics we're definitely a counter
like for example we knew that you know
the teams here probably wouldn't have
much experience playing against
something like a zillion so then it's a
pic that'll throw them off and they're
not gonna know how to deal with it as
well but then at the same time like it's
also our identity as a team that we play
well with these kind of champions that
we've been pulling out well you guys
were memeing before today about sort of
the crazy reaction that has occurred in
the past 24 hours to a tweet from my
whole dominate that kind of spiraled
into a bigger conversation about any
pros you know I've seen so much
conversation about any pros they don't
try they don't care they want to sit
around collect a paycheck they play for
tonight they play wow you guys on the
record saying you play well what's your
thought on sort of that whole
conversation that's going on well I
think it's important that you have like
some free time or downtown where you
kind of just do something else I mean
for us here at cloud 9 we have required
solo queue games to play so you know
even if I wanted to you know play a lot
of other games I would probably still be
playing like a good amount of League
right and I think it's you know there's
probably some players that don't play
any if not much solo queue at all I
think you know that's that's a bit
concerning but I think at the same time
like you should have your free time and
I think like a lot of any teams are
doing triple blocks both in na and here
at Worlds
so today's you know you wake up at 10
a.m. you have meeting and then you're
not done with screams until like 10:00
p.m. if you have triple-locked days so
then I think it's important in those
days that like you know you don't burn
yourself out and you kind of just rest
or like do something else to get your
mind off league of legends for a bit all
right well we're kind of waiting down
interview lots of people out there and
want to talk to you byte talk to me
about what's next for you guys cuz
obviously you don't know your next
opponent
unfortunately weren't able to secure
that first seed but again looked really
strong today so what what do you think
the future is for you guys at Worlds um
well since we had super competitive
games with orange II I think it's
looking good for us so far and we just
need to keep working on the stuff we've
been practicing and then you know we'll
see who we play in court
finals I mean it'll probably be a tough
opponent since we'll play against the
first C team but I don't think we're too
worried about anyone since our
performance against orangey today was
pretty good so I'm feeling pretty
confident going into whoever we're gonna
be playing against well thank you so
much Jensen for the interview truly a
pleasure to watch you guys play today
really really fun for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel now as we record the c9
has just officially qualified into the
quarterfinals they might even be first
see we don't know yet but what is
interesting is that the way they did
that was off of a victory over RG an
upset that many will not forget soon and
sneaky himself actually chose Sivir in
that match some would say it was a
contributing factor let's find out how
he knew to pick that champion broad and
roll the clip what was it like playing
against Uzi he's being positioned it's
like the final boss by putting in
someone's scrims and I recall him rage
quitting a bit it's great
I think it's playing like silver bruised
a chain or something like I think he's
getting pissed because I was keeping him
under turret the whole game
let's pick several X camera wait you
couldn't you could induce flashbacks you
know he's like oh not the Sivir and it
just throws him off his game yes well if
that happens we now for you think this
guy we know who to thank
indeed Travis and as much as I'd like to
connect credit for that I have to say I
actually got the idea from you Gigi our
sponsor for all of Worlds
they are great you can go ahead and
click the link in the description and
you can pull off unbelievable feats
miracles just like sea lion just did in
the last couple of games today you just
type in a champion you type in saver for
instance you can type in anything that
you see newsy playing it'll give you the
best matchups the way to build all the
stuff you'll never lose champions liked
again and maybe by the way if Club man
keeps using it they'll never lose a game
of leak again I don't know about that
but either way thanks so much to our
sponsor at you gg